Stacks: add support for no_dot_terragrunt_stack (#4019)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs-starlight/src/content/docs/04-reference/01-hcl/02-blocks.mdx

- `source` (attribute): Specifies where to find the Terragrunt configuration files for this unit. This follows the same syntax as the `source` parameter in the `terraform` block.
- `path` (attribute): The relative path where this unit should be deployed within the stack directory (`.terragrunt-stack`).
- `values` (attribute, optional): A map of values that will be passed to the unit as inputs.

> - `no_dot_terragrunt_stack` (attribute, optional): A boolean flag (`true` or `false`). When set to `true`, the unit **will not** be placed inside the `.terragrunt-stack` directory but will instead be generated in the same directory where `terragrunt.stack.hcl` is located. This allows for a **soft adoption** of stacks, making it easier for users to start using `terragrunt.stack.hcl` without modifying their existing directory structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `no_dot_terragrunt_stack` (attribute, optional): A boolean flag (`true` or `false`). When set to `true`, the unit **will not** be placed inside the `.terragrunt-stack` directory but will instead be generated in the same directory where `terragrunt.stack.hcl` is located. This allows for a **soft adoption** of stacks, making it easier for users to start using `terragrunt.stack.hcl` without modifying existing directory structures, or performing state migrations.
```

}
```

> Example usage of `no_dot_terragrunt_stack` attribute:

Reviewer: This example is great. You really leveraged Starlight well.

```hcl
# terragrunt.stack.hcl

unit "vpc" {
  source = "git::git@github.com:acme/infrastructure-units.git//networking/vpc?ref=v0.0.1"
  path   = "vpc"
  values = {
    vpc_name = "main"
    cidr     = "10.0.0.0/16"
  }
}

unit "database" {
  source = "git::git@github.com:acme/infrastructure-units.git//database/rds?ref=v0.0.1"
  path   = "rds"
  values = {
    engine   = "postgres"
    version  = "13"
  }
  no_dot_terragrunt_stack = true
}
```

With the above configuration, the resulting directory structure will be:

<FileTree>

- terragrunt.stack.hcl
- .terragrunt-stack
  - vpc
    - terragrunt.values.hcl
    - terragrunt.hcl
- rds
  - terragrunt.values.hcl
  - terragrunt.hcl

</FileTree>

The `vpc` unit is placed inside `.terragrunt-stack`, as expected.

> The `database` (`rds`) unit is generated in the **same directory as `terragrunt.stack.hcl`**, rather than inside `.terragrunt-stack`, due to `no_dot_terragrunt_stack = true`.

Reviewer: I think this is made simpler if you just name the unit `rds`.

## stack

<Aside type="tip" title="Stacks">
    The <code dir="auto">stack</code> block is experimental, usage requires the <a href="/docs/reference/experiments#stacks"><code dir="auto">--experiment stacks</code></a> flag.
</Aside>

The `stack` block is used to define a stack of deployment units in a Terragrunt configuration file (`terragrunt.stack.hcl`).
Stacks allow for nesting, enabling the organization of infrastructure components into modular, reusable groups, reducing redundancy and improving maintainability.

Stacks are designed to be nestable, helping to mitigate the risk of stacks becoming too large or too repetitive.
When a stack is generated, it can include nested stacks, ensuring that the configuration scales efficiently.

The `stack` block supports the following arguments:

- `name` (label): A unique identifier for the stack. This is used to reference the stack elsewhere in your configuration.
- `source` (attribute): Specifies where to find the Terragrunt configuration files for this stack. This follows the same syntax as the `source` parameter in the `terraform` block.

> - `path` (attribute): The relative path within `.terragrunt-stack` where this stack should be generated.If an absolute path is provided here, Terragrunt will generate the stack in that location, instead of generating it in a path relative to the `.terragrunt-stack` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `path` (attribute): The relative path within `.terragrunt-stack` where this stack should be generated.If an absolute path is provided here, Terragrunt will generate the stack in that location, instead of generating it in a path relative to the `.terragrunt-stack` directory. Also take note of the `no_dot_terragrunt_stack` attribute below, which can impact this.
```

- `values` (attribute, optional): A map of custom values that can be passed to the stack. These values can be referenced within the stack's configuration files, allowing for customization without modifying the stack source.
- `no_dot_terragrunt_stack` (attribute, optional): A boolean flag (`true` or `false`). When set to `true`, the stack **will not** be placed inside `.terragrunt-stack` but will instead be generated in the **same directory as `terragrunt.stack.hcl`**.
This enables **soft adoption** of stacks, allowing users to introduce `terragrunt.stack.hcl` above existing directories without restructuring their project layout.

Example:

> ```hcl

Reviewer: I'd recommend splitting this into two code-fences to make it easier to see what's happening here.
